chore: remove LangGraph Durable Execution docs page [closes DOC-1111] (#3979)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langgraph/backward-compatibility.mdx

Common technical breakages:

> - **Renaming or removing a node** while threads are paused at or about to enter that node, for example at an @[`interrupt`] or via a checkpointed conditional edge that still routes to the old name. On resume, LangGraph cannot find the node by its saved name and the run fails. Resumption starts at the beginning of the node where execution stopped, so a missing node has nowhere to resume from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Renaming or removing a node** while threads are paused at or about to enter that node, for example at an @[`interrupt`] or via a checkpointed conditional edge that still routes to the old name. On resume, LangGraph cannot find the node by its saved name and the run fails. The starting point for resuming a run is the beginning of the node where execution stopped, so a missing node has nowhere to resume from.
```
